# 7-Best-Apps-to-Market-your-Business-with-Social-Media
Social media has become the heart of marketing, without which your efforts will go in vain. And   to market your business with such a lucrative platform, you need to put extra efforts. The use   of social media among all age groups has rapidly increased, all thanks to the smartphones,   which are making it easy to access.  Now, the people can interact and share their experiences with friends instantly, even while   travelling from the comfort of their own pocket. But, the question here is how it can help you   market your business.   Well, to connect with your consumers/customers on social media, first you itself need to think   like one. Social media never stop or sleep, likewise are the people interacting through it. So, if   you want to market your business to them, you need to stay connected even on-the-go. Thus,   keep changing your social media strategies with time to stay ahead of your competitors.   Moreover, don’t miss a single opportunity to promote your brand as there is no perfect   moment or time, it can happen anytime. But, technology has made it quite simple. Even various   top social media marketing companies have come to help you out.  Here are 7 must-have social media apps to skyrocket your branding efforts:  1. Facebook Pages: The popularity of Facebook is undoubtedly too high. Thus, its business page   serves as the base to market your business. Well, with Facebook Pages app, you can post,   manage, schedule, respond to messages, comment, check analytics, etc. all with the tap of a   finger.  2. Dropbox: With cloud apps like Dropbox, even Google Drive you can store, the post graphics,   logos, etc. to use them when needed and can rest assured that the work will never get delayed.  3. Hootsuite: As told before social media never sleep and if you have Hootsuite app in your   pocket, your brand will never do either. It gives you access to all your social media streams so   that you can easily monitor, schedule and respond across multiple platforms seamlessly.  4. Canva: This is a handy tool that everyone who desires to be a designer loves to use. You can   simply become one. Thus, with this share unique and appealing visual pieces every day on your   social media that your audience love to share too, thereby promoting your brand.  5. Google Analytics: As known, it’s an important tool to know about the traffic stats, campaign   reports, etc. Thus, with its easy-to-understand iOS app you can collect the data you need   calmly.  6. Over: Visuals can say a lot. But, sometimes an image can’t convey the message in the right   way. So, with this app you can overlay text onto any visual using a variety of beautiful fonts.   7. Repost: Sometimes your fans or brand ambassadors producing content for you to repeat.   Thus, by using this app easily post an image on your feed, showing love on Instagram.  Well, these are 7 social media apps you must give a try. If you still need any help with your   social media marketing campaign, getting in touch with an affordable social media marketing   company is desirable.
